What's going on?
Our new CEO is using a secretary, whoever gets it gets away.
I wouldn't torture yourself applying Ava, you're not exactly executive material.
I heard he's a real duke from England, I've never seen a real aristocrat before.
Do you think he wears an ascot?
He has an accent.
I read that his entire family's estate is the size of Manhattan.
And he owns over a dozen hotels.
He fired the entire Bell hair staff after two days.
Clifford Harrington offered to me the VP position in his luxury chain hotel group.
Soon as the acquisition was settled, the Sinclair family has owned us for years and
suddenly daddy makes him CEO when he's here meddling.
I cannot let him get in the way of this sale.
Your boss, if you could recommend me as his secretary, I think it could help you keep an eye on him.
Wouldn't hurt a friend in the Duke's office.
What are you staring at?
What do you have work to do?
Where do you wearing that yesterday?
Your hair looks like you stuck your finger in a socket.
Brush it.
It must have fallen off.
How did the guests enjoy the presidential suite?
I can't tell her I fucked my boss in the presidential suite.
Who stayed there?
Speak up.
I don't remember his name.
I better hide my ass so he doesn't see me.